University of California Los Angeles, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, University of California Merced

DEBRIEFING FORM

Study of Everyday Factors and Symptoms in COVID-19 Infection

Thank you for participating in this research study. You are helping in the global fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, and, potentially, other infectious diseases. The primary purpose of this study is to better understand the positive and negative effects that common treatments and remedies might have on the progression of COVID-19 illness. In addition, information about underlying health conditions may shed light on how these conditions affect symptoms of the illness and the recovery process. Finally, those parts of the survey that concern the progression of symptoms over time may help us to predict how long it takes for patients to recover based on what symptoms appeared earlier. Knowledge from studies like this can help to inform the public and guide medical treatment.
 
 DISCLAIMER
 During the survey, you were asked about alternative medicine and home remedies such as homeopathy, light exposure, and aromatherapy. These questions should not be taken as endorsements of these products or practices by the study authors. Do not use any treatment that is not approved by your doctor. Below you will find links to information and resources about COVID-19 prevention, symptoms, and getting assistance.
 
 COVID-19 Information and Resources
 How to protect yourself and others from COVID-19 | Centers for Disease Control
 Stop the Spread of COVID-19 one-minute video | Centers for Disease Control
 Check how many current cases of COVID-19 there are in your county | Centers for Disease Control
 Symptoms of Coronavirus & when to seek EMERGENCY medical attention | Centers for Disease Control
 People at increased risk for severe illness | Centers for Disease Control
 How to get COVID-19 testing and treatment if you don't have health insurance | PBS


Drawing for financial donations to support local healthcare facilities
After either 10,000 people have participated, or 6 months have passed since data collection began (whichever comes first), we will randomly select no fewer than 10 ZIP codes from among those in which our participants live.  For each ZIP code selected, we will randomly select 1 healthcare facility located in that ZIP code that treats members of the public who are suffering from COVID-19 or other infectious diseases.  We will then make a $1,000 donation to each of the healthcare facilities selected. 
 
If you want to know more about this study
You can learn more about this study, track its progress, and find out what papers have been published in medical or academic journals using its data at the official study website: www.unitedcovidsurvivorstudy.org. 
 
If you have questions
The main researcher conducting this study is Daniel Fessler,  a professor at the University of California Los Angeles Department of Anthropology.  If you have any questions please contact us at info@unitedcovidsurvivorstudy.org.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding your rights as a research participant in this study, you may also contact the UCLA Institutional Review Board (IRB) by phone 310-825-7122, email, webIRBHelp@research.ucla.edu, or write to: 
 
 Office of the Human Research Protection Program (OHRPP)
 10889 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 830
 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1406
 When contacting The IRB, reference the study's IRB number 20-001365.
